Web-Browser Games: Math Chain

A math puzzle game where player combines random number tiles and operators to reach a target number generated by the computer.

#########################################
USER STORIES
#########################################
* As a player, I want to see a landing page when I reach at the website so that I know I'm in the right game. 
* As a player, I want to see a target number at the start of puzzle. 
* As a player, I want to see the available number tiles and operator that I can choose from. 
* As a player, I want to select two number tiles and an operator to perform a calculation so that I can reach the target number step by step. 
* As a player, I want to see the result of calculation to appear as a new tile on the board, so that I can use it for subsequent calculations. 
* As a player, I want to be able to undo my previous calculations. 
* As a player, I want to see the number of moves and time taken to solve the puzzle. 
* As a player, I want to have the option to start a new game to improve my score. 

#########################################
FEATURES
#########################################
-Computer generates a target number at the start of each puzzle.
-Player is provided with six random number tiles and four operator tiles (+, -, *, /).
-Player can select two number tiles and an operator to perform a calculation. 
-The result is shown as a new tile on the board.
-The new result tile can be used in subsequent calculations. 
-Player uses multiple operations, combining available tiles strategically, to reach the final target number. 
-Player wins the puzzle when the final result matches the target answer. 
-Player can see the number of moves and time taken to solve the puzzle. 

#########################################
PSEUDOCODE
#########################################
//Computer generates puzzle
    -Generate six random numbers
    -Randomly apply a sequence of operations to compute the target answer for the puzzle. 
    -Initialize the puzzle board with the target number and the siz random number tiles.
//When game starts
    -Start the timer
    -Initialize move counter with 0
//IF player selected two number and an operator,
    -Compute the intermediate result. 
    -Increase move counter.
    //IF the intermediate result matches the target answer, player solved the puzzle.
        -Stop the timer.
        -Display total moves and time taken to solve the puzzle.
    //ELSE    
        -Remove the selected number tiles. 
        -Add the intermediate result as a new tile.
//IF player click the Undo button,
    -Restore the previously set of number tiles. 
//IF player click StartOver button,
    -Restart the game.
